more edits chap 2 (#13)
mine-cetinkaya-rundel/r4ds-solutions: data-visualize.qmd

  geom_bar(fill = "red")
```

3. It determines the number of bins.

4.

```{r}
ggplot(diamonds,aes(x = carat)) +
  geom_histogram(binwidth = 0.10)
```

I think .10 binwidth shows the most results.

## 2.5.5 Exercises {.unnumbered}

1. Manufacturer,class,fl,drv,model,and trans are all categorical variables.Displ,year,cyl,cty,and hwy are all numerical variables. You can run `glimpse` `mpg` or run ?mpg to see the variables.

> 2.

Reviewer: The question "How do these aesthetics behave differently for categorical vs. numerical variables?" isn't answered

ggplot(mpg,aes(x = hwy, y = displ,size = cty,color = cty)) + geom_point()
```

3. There is no line to alter.

```{r}
ggplot(mpg,aes(x = hwy, y = displ,linewidth = cty)) + geom_point()
```

4. This code only shows 1 variable compared to itself,which isn't helpful.

```{r}
ggplot(mpg,aes(x = hwy, y = hwy, color  = hwy)) + geom_point()
```

5. That adelies tend to have more depth in their bills while gentoo are longer all while chinstrap are both long and have depth.

```{r}
ggplot(penguins,aes(x = bill_depth_mm, y = bill_length_mm,color = species)) + geom_point()
```

> 6. Because the labs argument makes another legend, i just took that argument out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. The code provided in the exercise yields two separate legends because the legend for `color` is renamed to `"Species"` but the legend for shape is not, and is named `"species"` by default instead. To fix it, we would need to explicitly rename the shape legend as well.
```

> ```{r}

Reviewer: In the code below, add `labs()` layer:

```r
labs(
  color = "Species",
  shape = "Species"
)
```

## 2.6.1 Exercises {.unnumbered}

> 1. The second line of code is saved, because `ggsave()` saves the last plot you made.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The second plot is saved, because `ggsave()` saves the last plot you made.
```

fs::file_delete("mpg-plot.png")
```

> 2. You just have to change the png to pdf in the last ggsave code chunk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. You just have to change the suffix of the file from png to pdf in the ggsave() call.
```
